Q. I am getting the error 'Invalid option -fdump-translation-unit' or
similar.
A. You need to use a version of gcc that supports this flag. Version
3.2 and newer are known to, but 3.0 and 2.95 do not. I'm not sure about
3.1.

Q. I am getting the error "could not find GL/glext.h"
A. You need to have this file, as it defines extensions to OpenGL that
an application might use. You can obtain the latest copy from
http://oss.sgi.com/projects/ogl-sample/registry. If you don't want to
put it in your system include directories, you can create a GL
subdirectory of your source directory and put it there.

Q. I am using the NVIDIA header files, and I am getting errors about
conflicting definitions.
A. Avoid using the NVIDIA header files. They define prototypes that do
not match the OpenGL specification, and contain other flaws as well. If
you are unwilling or unable to modify the system header files, then you
can create a GL subdirectory of your BuGLe source directory and place
alternative headers there. Mesa has good headers; try downloading the
Mesa source from www.mesa3d.org and using the headers from there.



For any other problems, contact me at bmerry@users.sourceforge.net. If
you are having compilation problems, then it would help to include the
generated file src/data/gl.tu, assuming compilation got that far. Be
aware that this file is generated from your OpenGL header files, and if
you are using proprietry OpenGL headers then there is a small chance
that distributing this file violates the vendor's copyright.
